and that the roofs we know shaker 77 and we
found on a map quite special
which is simply called for
kraft 2 and see what you get out of your
hedgehog hello hello so here we go
of course nothing will really reveal you from
this map for me the hall to
the place where we are, I will be told
because those voices there but we had a
little message to tell you about
about this map rather small
things to ask you lé have or where
in is her advancement she is not
still finished far away but but we
work on it
do you have anything else to say about this
instead of throwing fish in all
the senses I think that's fine
summary okay when you wanted to
request is already a first thing
it was that in the comments you
we gave your nickname minecraft
so why do not you know for sure
hack or something like that he
we would need your password to the site
but it's just sending skulls
that we have here are not at all
customize and in fact we would like
to have as much skull as possible
personalized ie a skull to
your at the head of your character
minecraft so that's it
would allow you to be of
be part of the map
and then we will allow us to have
full of different heads what is
much more fun than few echoes
dect is from tv
here and then something else we wanted
ask yourself is pretty important it's
simply that we are not in
breakdown of ideas I will not go that far
but but let's say that in our match
as it is a fairly open map
we can easily add small ones
mini games ideas like that two mini
games in what we wanted to ask
it's just if you have a
idea of mini games to pass it on to us
to gold or how do we
to transmit so already it can be you
can send us an idea
simply share in writing explain to us
the principle be you can us
to pass down a map minecraft
with the construction of the system already
do it like that we'll go see and then and
then if we like it we will invite you
outright maybe to come to build
this mini games that you will have done on the
map then already some mini-games for
those who do not understand it very well
can be by that I give ideas the
more basic a fake of course your
things more original but the one stand of
archery in shooting win points
fighting stuff etc all of that
I call it children's mini games
these are titles like that a game of
fishing we must I can with canes to
targeted fishing targets or stuff like
this is mini games you do not have
no need to think of a scenario that
going around you just need to
find a pretty original concept
can have fun so that's for
send me to send us his ideas on
created a special mailbox that that
will appear on the screen and that's called
destiny kraft @ hotmail.fr
that's what I have of everything
of ivory wishes to evoke something
I think you were very competent and
that you have not forgotten anything at all
fetid the waiters action but that's okay
it fits well
so here we go nothing show you
totaka because apart from this building
strange special when you do not know
too much
yes no it's true not too much and then
here we will continue quietly to
work on the map a whole and
then with our little credit too
that they help us a little bit not see
wrong yes yes yes paris and then so
do not hesitate if you have questions
if you want to stay informed
leave a comment join the
twitter the channel that's all you
want and then here I wanted
thank also those who joined my
string thanks to the kraft destiny map 2-1
and tell them well I hope my channel
we will pay that you will see that I do not
I'm not just a match maker but
also a small cube hours here is it
so we will tell you
see you soon bye bye